## ARM EDUCATION

## END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR TEACHING AND LEARNING CONTENT

1. These terms are displayed for you to read prior to use of the teaching and learning content and any related documentation and materials (“Materials”) made available to you by Arm Limited (“Arm”). If you choose not to agree with these terms, do not use or access the Materials.

2. THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONSTITUTE A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND ARM (“AGREEMENT”). The Materials may include third party elements, and/or hardware distributed on behalf of a third party, which may be subject to separate terms of use. You acknowledge that any hardware provided to you is a third-party product and Arm is solely distributing such hardware on behalf of the third party. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Arm shall have no responsibility or liability in respect of any such hardware.

3. You acknowledge that the Materials are specifically designed and licensed only for non-commercial, educational purposes. 

4. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. The Materials are protected by copyright laws, international copyright treaties, and trade secret laws, and other intellectual property laws and treaties around the world. The Materials are licensed, not sold, to you, and can only be used in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Arm and its licensors retain title and ownership of the Materials (other than in respect of any third party elements), including all intellectual property rights in the Materials. Arm reserves all rights not specifically granted under this Agreement.

5. LICENCE. Subject to your compliance with this Agreement and unless otherwise specified in Clause 13, Arm hereby grants to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free, licence under its copyright subsisting in the Materials to use, copy and modify the Materials (and if and only if you are a current member of an educational institution, make the Materials available to others within your educational institution) upon the terms of this Agreement, solely for non-commercial educational purposes. For the purposes of these terms, “educational purposes” means internal use in taught classes and related projects at educational institutions, including but not limited to schools, colleges and universities.
Unless otherwise specified in Clause 13: (a) you may refer to and cite the Materials in publications provided that you give a full citation referencing Arm as the author and owner of the Materials; (b) you may not use the Materials for any commercial purpose, except as expressly approved by Arm in writing (contact education@arm.com to request permission); (c) you may not remove any proprietary notice(s) contained in the Materials; (d) you may not use the Materials to design or to manufacture Arm-based processors, or use the Materials for the purposes of adapting or developing resources or educational materials relating to non-Arm based architectures and platforms; and (e) you may not modify the Materials for use with non-Arm-based architectures. You may not use the Materials for any unlawful purpose, you may not (except as far as permitted by applicable law) reverse engineer or decompile any software tools delivered as part of the Materials, and you may not use the Materials in any way that may damage Arm’s reputation or bring Arm into disrepute. The licence granted by Arm pursuant to this Clause 5 is effective until terminated. Without prejudice to any other rights, Arm may terminate this Agreement and your right to use the Materials if you are in material breach of any of these terms or if you do anything that infringes Arm’s intellectual property rights. Termination will be effective immediately on the service of Arm’s notice of termination to you. In the event of termination, you shall destroy all copies of the Materials, including all portions and derivatives of them, and cease all use of the Materials immediately. Clauses impliedly or expressly intended to survive termination shall continue in full force and effect.

6. WARRANTIES AND LIMITATIONS. a. THE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”. ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RELATING TO MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FREEDOM FROM DEFECTS, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

    b. IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM BE LIABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH THE MATERIALS FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE ALLEGED AS A RESULT OF TORTIOUS CONDUCT OR BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 

    c. THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF ARM TO YOU IN AGGREGATE FOR ALL CLAIMS MADE AGAINST ARM IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH THE MATERIALS SHALL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS ($100 USD) OR THE TOTAL OF SUMS PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO ARM UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

    d. Nothing in this section shall operate to exclude or limit liability for: (i) death or personal injury resulting from either party's negligence; or (ii) fraud; or (iii) any other matters in respect of which by law liability cannot be excluded or limited.

7. EXPORT CONTROL. You hereby acknowledge and agree that the Materials are subject to U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Act and its associated regulations, and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries. You agree to comply fully with all export laws and regulations of the United States and other countries (“Export Laws”) to assure that neither the Materials, nor any direct products of them are; ( i ) exported, directly or indirectly, in violation of Export Laws, either to any countries that are subject to U.S export restrictions or to any end user who has been prohibited from participating in the U.S. export transactions by any federal agency of the U.S. government; or (ii) intended to be used for any purpose prohibited by Export Laws, including, without limitation, nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons proliferation. The Materials consist solely of commercial items. If applicable, your institution shall be responsible for ensuring that any Materials provided to the US Government in accordance with the terms of this Agreement are provided with the rights and subject to restrictions described elsewhere in this Agreement.

8. CONTRIBUTIONS, FEEDBACK AND MODIFICATIONS. If you wish to submit any contributions or feedback (“Contributions”) to Arm you may do subject to you granting Arm the license in this Clause 8, You hereby grant to Arm a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid-up, worldwide licence under all your intellectual property rights subsisting in the Contributions to (i) use, copy, create derivative works of and modify the Contributions; (ii) sell supply, distribute the Contributions solely as incorporated into or in conjunction with the Materials; and (iii) and sublicense the rights granted in Clause 8(1) to third parties.
To the extent that any claim in any patent application filed by you would not have been conceived by you but for having had access to the Materials, such claim shall be deemed to be feedback and is hereby licensed to Arm in accordance with the provisions of this Clause 8. You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the licence set out in this Clause 8. If your employer has rights to intellectual property that you submit to Arm, you represent that you have permission to make such submissions on behalf of your employer. You further represent that any contribution, suggestion, comment, or feedback you provide to Arm is your original creation. You represent and agree that you will not submit any third-party intellectual property or materials to Arm without Arm’s express prior written approval. You agree to notify Arm promptly of any circumstances or facts of which you become aware that would make any of these representations inaccurate in any respect. If you have any questions or wish to contact Arm in relation to the contribution process, please contact education@arm.com. 

9. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement and any disputes or claims arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. 

10. PERSONAL DATA. Arm will process any personal data in accordance with its privacy policy: www.arm.com/company/policies/privacy. 

11. UPDATES. Arm may update this Agreement from time to time. Where appropriate, updates to the Agreement will be notified to you by email. If you do not agree with an update, you should cease use of the Materials.

12. CONTACTING US. If you have any queries in relation to this Agreement or the Materials, please email education@arm.com.

13. SPECIAL CONDITIONS. The provisions of this Clause 13 shall take precedence in the event of any conflict with the remainder of this Agreement.

    13.1. <ins>Arm Education Core</ins>: Use of the pedagogical processor model provided with the Introduction to Computer Architecture Education Kit (the "Arm Education Core") is subject to the following special conditions:

    (a) you may only refer to or publish the Arm Education Core, or any modifications you make to the Arm Education Core or any results you obtain from its use, in whole or in part if you have first obtained Arm's specific prior written consent by emailing us at the address specified in Clause 12 above;

    (b) you may use the Arm Education Core to synthesize and implement an SoC on FPGA or for an ASIC implementation of the SoC for non-commercial educational purposes (as defined in Clause 5 above);

    (c) you may not make any claims about the Arm Education Core's functionality or otherwise other than those published by Arm. The Arm Education Core is not representative of any commercially available Arm processors and you may not make any statements that indicate or imply the contrary.

    13.2. <ins>Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Framework (the “KSA Framework”)</ins>: Use of the KSA Framework is subject to the following special conditions:

    (a) You may use, copy and modify the KSA Framework for internal use only;

    (b) If you modify the KSA Framework, the modified version shall include attribution to Arm as the source of the original KSA Framework. Attribution shall be in the following format or a format which provides substantially similar information: “Arm Limited (2024). Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Framework, version 1.0”;

    (c) You may not distribute or grant any sublicenses in respect of the KSA Framework, or any modified version of the KSA Framework modified by you under the license granted in Clause 13.2(a), except as expressly approved by Arm in writing (contact education@arm.com to request approval) and subject to the terms and conditions set out in such written approval from Arm; and

    (d) You shall not make any representations or warranties on behalf of Arm in respect of the KSA Framework, or in respect of modified versions of the KSA Framework created by You under the license granted in Clause 13.2(a). Furthermore, you will not represent or imply that Arm endorses any third-party products, materials or services, including without limitation any modified versions of the KSA Framework created by you under the terms of this Agreement, except as expressly permitted by Arm in writing separately.
